Describe migration instructions from Menu Lib #18 (#19)
enonic/app-menu: README.adoc

If the `X-Guillotine-SiteKey` header is set, the menu will be retrieved for the given site. Otherwise, the menu will be retrieved for project.

To retrieve a specific number of submenus, you can use the `items` field. In our case three levels of submenus are retrieved.

== Migration from Menu Lib

To migrate from Menu Lib to Menu App, you can follow these steps:

1. Install the Menu App. This app includes x-data called `menu-item`.

> 2. In Content Studio, edit the content you want to mark as a menu item.
> 3. Unmark the `menu-item` x-data provided by Menu Lib.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. In Content Studio edit all content items which were marked as menu items for the Menu Lib: uncheck the "Show in menu" checkbox in the `Menu Settings` x-data provided by the Menu Lib and check off the checkbox in the "Menu" x-data provided by the Menu App.
```
